README.md, before:

# Study Cards

<p>
  <!-- iOS -->
  <img alt="Supports Expo iOS" longdesc="Supports Expo iOS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=APPLE&labelColor=999999&logoColor=fff" />
  <!-- Android -->
  <img alt="Supports Expo Android" longdesc="Supports Expo Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=ANDROID&labelColor=A4C639&logoColor=fff" />
</p>

An app to help with studying. Type in the questions and answers you need to memorize and let the app help you learn them in a fun way. Track your progress and beat your high scores!


## Development environment

To get the app up and running for development environments you need to have `git`, `nodejs`, `yarn` and `npm` installed.

When you are ready, follow the instructions to start the app:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone [url]
   ```
   - You can get the url from the top right corner (`Clone or download 🔽`)
2. Navigate into the cloned project:
   ```sh
   cd study-cards
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
    ```sh
   yarn install
   ```
   - This can take a minute or two depending on your network connection
4. Start the development server:
    ```sh
   yarn start
   ```
   - This can also take a minute or two


## Credits

Me, myself and I made this app with pure hard work and a couple sleepless nights – but it was all love ❤

The Expo splash-screen-starting-template also deserves some credits.

Commit message:

Chore: Update the readme with tested devices

README.md, after:

# Study Cards

<p>
  <!-- iOS -->
  <img alt="Supports Expo iOS" longdesc="Supports Expo iOS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=APPLE&labelColor=999999&logoColor=fff" />
  <!-- Android -->
  <img alt="Supports Expo Android" longdesc="Supports Expo Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=ANDROID&labelColor=A4C639&logoColor=fff" />
</p>

An app to help with studying. Type in the questions and answers you need to memorize and let the app help you learn them in a fun way. Track your progress and beat your high scores!

## Testing

The app has only been tested for Android, but _should_ work on iOS too.

## Development environment

To get the app up and running for development environments you need to have `git`, `nodejs`, `yarn` and `npm` installed.

When you are ready, follow the instructions to start the app:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone [url]
   ```
   - You can get the url from the top right corner (`Clone or download 🔽`)
2. Navigate into the cloned project:
   ```sh
   cd study-cards
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
    ```sh
   yarn install
   ```
   - This can take a minute or two depending on your network connection
4. Start the development server:
    ```sh
   yarn start
   ```
   - This can also take a minute or two


## Credits

Me, myself and I made this app with pure hard work and a couple sleepless nights – but it was all love ❤

The Expo splash-screen-starting-template also deserves some credits.
